and on this lovely winter's morning I am
off to lectures with a first I need to
drop off a piece of supervision work for
one of my supervisors so we're going on
a bit of a detour on the way to lectures
passing by my supervisors office handing
in the work and then walk into lectures
bit early this morning but we're dealing
with it
today is an exciting day because I'm
hosting a youtubers for more Jesus for
more this evening so all the other
youtubers in Cambridge who make videos
are coming I've tried to invite everyone
I know or commit to videos in Cambridge
and it's gonna be such a good evening
and to meet everyone a lot of people for
the first time and to just catch up what
everyone's doing it's nice because we're
all making videos in Cambridge so it
supposed to meet everyone be really good
and of course all their channels will be
linked in the description so go check
them out ok I've handed my work in and
now I'm taking a quick detour to
Sainsbury's probably don't have time for
this but I'm hungry I need breakfast
so ok so Panos Shukla has been obtained
I'm now gonna speed more my way to the
lecture theatre
[Music]
I've just realized to have a supervision
in half an hour I don't feel I can
concentrate for another hour today it's
politically it's been a busy morning of
lectures you know the mission now is to
have a quick lunch like you're very
quick
I have literally half an hour and I've
got to go buy it from calf as well
because I run out of food in the fridge
so I am sitting here in my room and I'm
tired I've had many many hours of
concentration this morning on the trot
like I've literally done about five
hours full on concentration with a
half-hour break only in the middle of
that and that half hour break half of
that was spent walking so it wasn't a
proper break where I was sitting down
and I was speed walking back to college
and that's a long time to concentrate
for yeah I'm just taking a quick
breather for like 15 minutes and then I
need to launch into some more work for
today because I have got four more this
evening so it means I won't get any work
done this evening so I should really get
all my work done this afternoon and I
have got work to do tomorrow morning but
at least my contact hours are done for
the day I actually really enjoyed my
supervision I've just had it was on
quantum mechanics which was just started
in my physics a module and yeah quantum
is quite cool like it's a bit
mind-blowing but also quite cool so I've
been sitting here working all afternoon
but now at 6 o'clock and that gives me
an hour until I need to be ready for
formal with all the other Cambridge
youtubers so I'm gonna go get ready now
because I've got to be at the porters
Lodge where I've said will meet everyone
at 10 past 7:00
because obviously not everyone's gonna
know where they're going cause everyone
goes to Jesus so yeah okay me and Astrid
are going to YouTube is full yeah for
both in heels so stairs are a bit of a
hazard right now
it's okay I'm good I think I was gonna
have water this evening yeah we're going
to go and collect everyone and try not
to forget anyone
I've got a list of everyone so let's
keep this organized - lets go
okay so we've just finished youtubers
formal now everyone's come to J bar and
having drinks and yeah it's been a great
evening
okay it's still going on in the bar in
Java
we unfortunately have adopted some non
youtubers now invited
so hello everyone I've just got back
from J bar and youtubers formal and yeah
it was so nice to properly meet everyone
I'd met a few people last year a
vlogging event that the University comms
team put on but it was the first time
meeting quite a few people this evening
and actually getting a chance a chance
of people so it's really nice and yeah
if you came thank you for coming
hopefully we can do another meet up soon
and those who couldn't make it this time
can join us again next time as well so
that would be nice I'll obviously link
everyone's channels below everyone who
makes youtube videos who is a cambridge
student I will try and link below and if
I've missed anyone like shout at me in
the comments because I want to keep up
with everyone who's making videos in
Cambridge it's really nice to meet
people and compare experiences and yeah
now I'm good to go to bed because I have
a rowing outing tomorrow morning meet
time 6:55 a.m. I'm gonna quickly get
into my pyjamas and also I should just
get my work ready to handing so I've got
a hand that in tomorrow morning a staple
it together and put it in a folder ready
to give in to my supervisor and then it
goes in their pigeonhole for them to
pick up and then or sometimes I have to
slide it under their office door it
depends and then they'll mark it for me
and it's good to have my work marked and
they can tell me exactly where I went
wrong the good news is after the early
start I've only got one contact hour
tomorrow which means I have time to just
focus and all my other set work I'm
starting to feel like I really want to
sit down and get some of my set
supervision work done since I had a lab
on Tuesday so that obviously it always
sets you slightly behind when you have a
lab because it takes up the whole day
but then now I have to Thursday where I
catch it will up and get back on top of
it and then the cycle keeps going
so while I might be thinking at this
point oh I feel like I'm not where I
should be in comparison to where
lectures about actually after tomorrow I
should be caught up anyway I'm not
panicking at the moment term is going
okay everything is under control
like guys morning everyone is very very
very early in the morning and also it's
supposed to be like minus 4 degrees
outside and snowing so I don't actually
know like what the rules are with the
flag of the river
like saying whether it's safe for crews
to go out or not because snow is not
ideal but then it's not that windy so
I've gotta head down to the boathouse
and see what the deal is I have taken no
risks today I'm wearing my big pink
puffer jacket the splash jacket just
doesn't cut it today but anyway I've got
to go because I'm literally at the
boathouse in one minute so
hello everyone so as expected my outing
was canceled this morning like the river
was partially frozen over and so the
rowers just used the rowing machines and
did a session instead since then I've
been in my room I finished off some
physics work now I'm actually gonna go
and have a shower and wash my hair and
then I'm gonna head off to a supervision
the day's going good only one contact
hour today it's a chill day I'm just on
base time to my sister there she is in
the evenings what do you like to give my
family a quick FaceTime have a bit of a
catch-up with the sister shut up Lydia
and yeah it's just a chilled evening
this evening and also it's good that I
don't have to go to bed too early
because I have no rowing outing tomorrow
morning it's practically a lion yeah I
mean apparently there's supposed to be a
JIP sesh this evening there's talk of
people going out clubbing and I'm really
tempted I'm not gonna lie cause I'm
really really tempted but also I have
lectures at 9 o'clock tomorrow morning
and I just know I'll regret it okay so I
just got off the phone with my grandma
and Auntie it's nice to chat to them as
well I've literally rang every single
member of my family this evening and
it's been so nice I love my family a lot
all my friends are going out this
evening
oh god I want to but also it would also
involve me to put makeup on and just
ain't about that life at the moment and
look at that bad doesn't that bed look
great I think that bed looks great
just imagine a good night's sleep
imagine king eight hours sleep one night
imagine getting eight and a half nine
hours sleep I might go for a nine hour
sleep tonight you know guys like I've
had about seven maybe last night so I
know I had about six last night maybe
seven the night before so I think 9
would kind of make up for the under 8
hours for those nights because I do want
to have eight hours a night can I have a
lovely sleep this evening and it's gonna
be great I'm also gonna just finish off
some dynamics questions because I'm
getting quite into them quite in the
flow so yeah we're playing poker and
everyone's all in
it's exciting already who would have you
stuck with that I happen in there no
that's disappointing go you go good for
me no more days come on who wins
[Music]
okay so I'm back in my room I'm just
about to get ready for bed but I'm just
remembered I forgot to mention earlier
but I went to my pigeonhole and I got a
little postcard in my pigeonhole earlier
from Cassie from Germany and yeah I just
like to say Cassie thank you very much
for your postcard it's very nice of you
to send it to me it's made my day
receiving that so thank you I'm in a
good mood this evening I had a good time
playing poker with my friends but I
think it's time for bed now hello is
some earth two lectures I've been so
resourceful I've got my cereal in a
Tupperware this morning because yet
again I forgot to buy any breakfast bars
at all and I'm hungry
I need food in the mornings so cereal in
the Tupperware is on the way for
whatever reason I'm in such a good mood
today I feel my work just feel happy
it's great
so basically every year at my college
Jesus College we have a thing called a
progress review well we meet up with one
of the college tutorial department and
we'll discuss the progress we're making
and how we're doing throughout the year
it's just a time where they check up on
everyone but this year
apparently all second years have their
progress reviews with the senior tutor
who I haven't actually like met properly
before so that'd be interesting although
I've heard that he's been quite harsh
and some people like people have already
had their meetings with him and he's
ticked them off and said you're not
doing enough work so hopefully my
meeting goes okay I've got to fill in a
questionnaire I don't know if you'll
remember this but literally this time
last year I was on the vlog complaining
about how long this questionnaire was I
had to fill out for this progress review
but I've got to again this year I've
been putting it off they've now sent me
an email reminder and I just can't put
it off any longer so we're just gonna
sit down and get it done student
self-service yes tasks and maybe I have
to book it first right okay so I have to
complete this questionnaire at least
five working days in advance Thursday of
course super then Friday the 8th I've
got lecture Tuesday the 12th of February
I've got a lab geez I literally can't
make any of these appointment slots the
life of a Natural Sciences student too
many labs Thursday the 14th oh here now
we're talking book slots done okay so
let's make a note of that because it'd
be embarrassing to miss a meeting with
the senior tutor I honestly don't know
how people survive without Diaries
because without this I'd be all over the
place I wouldn't know what I was doing I
miss every single deadline I ever had
okay so we've booked that now we should
be able to get onto the questionnaire
academic progress in general how
successful do you feel you'll work this
academic year has been
is this good one too high I'm gonna say
three understanding the material for
four out of five I think I'm getting a
good understanding this year yeah
planning five I'm very organized if you
wish to comment further on the aspects
which have gone well please do so no you
know I don't wish to comment on any of
this matters do you feel that you spend
the appropriate amount of time when your
work
yes definitely roughly how many hours
have you spent on academic work each
week ah people ask me this all the time
how many hours a week do you spend on
work and it's so hard to quantify like
it varies we're gonna say about 40
self-assessment give a general account
of your academic and personal
development and your aspirations for the
future
I feel like I'm doing a job application
like all my internship applications I've
been having to do questions like this
and now I've got to answer them just but
like college records okay director of
studies supervisors all I've got to
write my director of studies and
supervisors okay so it's probably not
appropriate to film this so I'm gonna
stop the camera here but I'm gonna carry
on filling out this questionnaire and
I'll see you later
hey myself and Tim here are heading to a
supervision we're very happy actually
because this supervision used to be in
West Cambridge and we used to have to
cycle for 15 minutes to get to this
supervision and then cycle 15 minutes
back it would always be dark it would
always be cold often raining but now
it's just across college which is far
more convenient and it means we can go
straight for dinner afterwards which is
a thumbs up from me
so yeah the last contact hour of the day
oh what a lovely nobody's sure
that evening I completed a video
interview for an internship that I
applied for I think you won okay you
know like I'm not mad at it
fingers crossed
tyranny was I beat straight we're just
gonna have to believe that I'll wash
your mouth house with evening
I take poker very seriously so I don't
like to see that cheating
that's it for this block thank you so
much for watching
please give the video and like if you
enjoyed it please do subscribe and I'll
see you soon with another video see you
later
[Music]